Israel's security cabinet has authorized
the Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to
decide on the timing and manner of
response to a rocket attack in the
occupied goolan Heights on Saturday
Israel has blamed Hezbollah for the
attack and vowed retaliation Mr
Netanyahu said that Hezbollah would pay
a heavy price on Sunday funerals were
held for some of the 12 young people
killed when the rocket hit a football
pitch in a town close to the Border
there are fears that the strike in the
town of majal Shams could ignite a
regional War Paul Adams reports from the
goolan
heights through the streets of majal
Shams the coffins came one by one a town
reeling in shock consumed by Collective
grief terrified about what happens
next for months they feared a disaster
but they never imagined it would take
away their
children at the football pitch where
they all died moments of Silent
reflection
efforts to comprehend the speed of this
tragedy a playground transformed in an
instant into a place of jagged metal
discarded belongings and in the corner
the blood of the
victims we're told that a siren sounded
just seconds before the rocket landed
here and blew the fence right back and
look just outside the pitch meters away
there's a bomb shelter but the children
the children on the pitch those watching
those on their bikes and scooters they
had no time to
react the mood changes as government
officials arrived to pay their
respects There's real anger now even
from one man in uniform they've been
bombarding us for 10 months he shouts my
children are crying every
day after thousands of Hezbollah Rockets
since last October people here just want
it all to
end when Israel's Hardline Finance
Minister shows up some urge the
government to strike back
hard but others turn on him get out of
here you criminal one
says the government has yet to decide
how to respond the Army says it just
needs the word we are ready we said we
are ready for several of weeks or even
months and we continue to be ready and
every day that is passing we are
preparing more and more and more but in
this Drew's minority town
captured from Syria in
1967 such talk is causing anxiety I'm
afraid for the consequences of this
happen yesterday what about tomorrow if
it happens like if gets to an allout War
it's going to be pretty tough more
people are going to die on all
sides Mila sha was 10 years old the
youngest victim his Uncle and Cousin
struggling to comprehend their sudden
loss he is uh loved by
his family says the war which killed him
has to end Paul Adams BBC
news our correspondent Yulan now sent us
the latest from
Jerusalem I mean what we've heard is
that the Israeli security cabinet has
basically authorized the Prime Minister
and the defense minister to decide on
the appropriate response and the timing
of that response um to that rocket
strike on Saturday and the country's
still very much uh reeling from this
attack in the Israeli occupied Goan
Heights the Israeli newspapers have the
pictures of of the 12 children aged
between 10 and 16 who were killed uh on
Saturday uh Israel's blaming the
powerful Lebanese group Hezbollah for
what happened saying it used uh an Iran
made uh missile Hezbollah continues to
deny its responsibility the threat from
Israel is that it's going to um exact a
heavy price from Hezbollah for what
happened what we've seen yesterday and
today has really been a continuation of
the cross border attacks relatively low
level that have gone on since the 8th of
October when Hezbollah said it was um
beginning to fire at Israel in
solidarity uh with Hamas in Gaza um but
the expectation from Israeli military
commentators is that something much more
serious uh is being planned uh they're
saying that there could be um an attack
on on a major hezb Target deep inside
Lebanon they're saying there's a
possibility that even Israel could
strike at Lebanese civilian
infrastructure the risk of course is
then what response would come uh from
Hezbollah which has a very big arsenal
of longer range Rockets um you've got
International diplomats all getting
involved to try to urge restraint to try
to stop Another allout War developing at
the same time as a war is continuing to
rage uh in the Gaza Strip